[flash_ctrl,dv] update dv doc (#14357)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/flash_ctrl/doc/dv/index.md

* [Clock and reset interface]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/common_ifs" >}})
* [TileLink host interface for the flash controller]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/tl_agent/doc" >}})
* [TileLink host interface for the eflash]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/tl_agent/doc" >}})
* TileLine host interface for the prim registers
* Interrupts ([`pins_if`]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/common_ifs" >}})
* [Memory backdoor utility]({{< relref "hw/dv/sv/mem_bkdr_util/doc" >}})
* Secret key interface from the OTP
* Interface from the life cycle manager

> * Interface to the `key_mgr` and `pwermgr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interface to `keymgr` and `pwrmgr`
```

Author: fixed.

* flash_ctrl_read
  Read data from `rd_fifo`. This task is used for `read operation` from controller combined with `flash_ctrl_start_op`.
* wait_flash_op_done
  Polling `op_status` until op_status.done is set.
* do_direct_read
  Task to read flash from the host interface. Transaction size is 4 byte per transaction.
* flash_ctrl_intr_read
  Task to program flash with interrupt mode.
* flash_ctrl_intr_write
  Task to read flash with interrupt mode.
* send_rma_req
  Task to initiate rma request. Once rma started, task polls `rma ack` until it completes.

#### Functional coverage
To ensure high quality constrained random stimulus, it is necessary to develop a functional coverage model.
The following covergroups have been developed to prove that the test intent has been adequately met:
`hw/ip/flash_ctrl/dv/env/flash_ctrl_env_cov.sv`
* control_cg
  Collects operation types, partition and cross coverage of both.
* erase_susp_cg
  Check if request of erase suspension occured.
* msgfifo_level_cg
  Covers all possible fifo status to generate interrupt for read / program.
* rd_buff_evict_cg

>   Check sequence of operation to occur read eviction.

Reviewer: This sentence is awkward: do you mean "... to trigger eviction."?

Author: yes, updated.

* eviction_cg
  Check whether eviction happens at all 4 caches with write / erase operation.
  Also check each address belongs to randomly enabled scramble and ecc.
* error_cg
  Check errors degined in error code registers.
### Self-checking strategy
#### Scoreboard
The `flash_ctrl_scoreboard` is primarily used for csr transaction integrity.

> Test bench also maintain reference momory model (associative array) per partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testbench also maintains a reference memory model (associative array) per partition.
```

Author: fixed

> The referrence model is updated each operation and used for expected partition values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reference model is updated on each operation and used for expected partition values
```

Author: fixed

> The reference model is updated on each operation and used for expected partition values

Reviewer: The md style recommendation is to have a single and full sentence per line: https://docs.opentitan.org/doc/sg/markdown_usage_style/#general-markdown-style.
This applies to many other sentences in this doc.

Author: updated

at the end of test check.

> Given large memory size (mega bytes), maintaining associative array per operation until the end of the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given large memory size (mega bytes), maintaining an associative array per operation until the end of the test
```

Author: fixed

> causes hugh simulation overhead. Also, this model is not suitible for read only test, same address write test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
causes huge simulation overhead. Also, this model is not suitable for read only test, same address write test
```
By the way, why isn't it suitable for these tests?

Author: fixed

, descramble tests and error injection test for ecc. To address such issues,
`on-the-fly` method is also used on top of legacy test component.

> In `on-the-fly` test mode, test is not rely on reference memory mode. Instead, it creates reference data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `on-the-fly` test mode, test does not rely on reference memory mode. Instead, it creates reference data
```

Author: fixed

> per each operation. For the program(write) operation, rtl output is collected from flash phy interface and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each operation. For the program (write) operation, rtl output is collected from flash phy interface and
```

Author: fixed

> compared with pre calucated write data (per each operation). For the read operation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compared with each operation's pre calculated write data. For the read operation, the
```

Author: fixed

> for each operation. For the program(write) operation, rtl output is collected from flash phy interface and
> compared with each operation's pre calucated write data. For the read operation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each operation. For the program (write) operation, rtl output is collected from flash phy interface and
compared with each operation's pre calculated write data. For the read operation,
```

Author: fixed

> expected data is written via memory backdoor interface and read back and compared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expected data is written via memory backdoor interface, read back, and compared.
```

Author: fixed

The `flash_ctrl_otf_scoreboard` is used for `on-the-fly` mode flash transaction integrity check while
`flash_ctrl_scoreboard` is still used for csr transaction integrity check.

> There is still uncovered logic stil within the model before data reaches the actual device. So we add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there is still uncovered logic within the model before data reaches the actual device, we add
```

Author: fixed

> `on-the-fly` model collects rtl data at the bounday of the controller and flash model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`on-the-fly` model collects rtl data at the boundary of the controller and flash model.
```

Author: fixed

> There are uncovered logic stil within the model before data reaches actual device. So we add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is still uncovered logic within the model before data reaches the actual device. So we add
```
I think this and the following sentence should go ahead of line 143, since it provides a justification for the "last mile scoreboard". Some other rearrangement may be needed once you do that.

Author: moved to line 144

extra scoreboard to check that path and call it `last mile scoreboard`.

#### Assertions
* TLUL assertions: The `hw/ip/flash_ctrl/dv/sva/flash_ctrl_bind.sv` binds the `tlul_assert` [assertions]({{< relref "hw/ip/tlul/doc/TlulProtocolChecker.md" >}}) to the IP to ensure TileLink interface protocol compliance.
* Unknown checks on DUT outputs: The RTL has assertions to ensure all outputs are initialized to known values after coming out of reset.

> ### Global types & methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Global types and methods
```
